Zhenzhen
Hahaha it's alright
Have an umbrella
So you are the father of this little eggplant
Who did I think?
Ah!
Uh-huh.
Just your old bones
You ruined this young man's good deeds
It's Jiang Tiansheng, the young master of the White Tiger Club, right?
Really not really
It's me
Lao Tzu grew up
I've never been squeezed like this before
You still have you today.
You women must die
Exactly.
Someone has to die today
Jiang Shao, he is just impulsive
Sorry.
As long as you can let it go
You can pay as much as you want.
Who are you?
I am a real mother
He is also the president of the Lin Group
Mother and daughter flower
Not bad
Then come and play with me